Critical:
1. Fix the chest on the puzzle screen of Cluey Cove to fit the puzzle
2. Make the entrance to Cluey Cove bigger
3. Remove the Cryptogram references
4. Cut the end of the Beach story to work better.
5. Fix the path from the Workshop to the Beach.

6. Make the window centered and 2x larger by default in the home decoration
7. Rename Your House to Your Home

8. Better Mystic Peak puzzles
9. Easter eggs for putting bark, leaf, and pine into the terminal
10. remove the Lunar Hermit text on the last moon scene. Make the earth image  better too

11. Add mockups for skyship. Also make "Simon" a code to unlock skyship
12. When clicking the interactions on locations don't say the answer or hints by default
13. Rewards for solving Liam, Simon, and Mark clues. Should give an item unlock achievement and item in your house to use.

14. Coffee mug on cryptic cafe is weird on the window atm


Needs romance options, with gifts you can gain by climbing the cryptic tower
Needs a cozy home decorator with cryptic clues answered in all modes as money
Create your own island and puzzles

Real cryptic clues for Liam's Lair
Real cryptic clues for Simon's Skyship
Real cryptic clues for The Mark on The Moon

In the library there should be walkthrough guides on how to unlock the terminal codes through puzzles

Add more variability to the clouds so it doesn't look so static with the stacked clouds

Add more buildings and landmarks to the island

Add kait easter egg

Add more achievements and easter eggs
Add more decoration and fix the location locks to make sense for all the items.

Unlock different house backgrounds
Unlock pets for the house
Unlock new rooms for the house
Unlock new furniture for the house
Unlock new outside for the house

Add more fish to catch
Add more items to catch

Have an all in one store:
Have a furniture store.
Have a pet store.
Have a plant store.

Visuals:
1. Fix the wave effects
2. Fix the cloud effects
3. Fix the lighting effects
4. Fix the shadow effects
5. Fix the fog effects
6. Fix the particle effects
7. Fix the animation effects
8. Fix the transition effects
9. Fix the camera effects
10. Fix the sound effects
11. Fix the music effects
12. Fix the UI effects
13. Fix the cursor effects
14. Fix the input effects
15. Fix the output effects
16. Fix the error effects
17. Fix the success effects
18. Fix the loading effects
19. Fix the saving effects
20. Fix the quitting effects